feat: include enabled licenses in json (DEV-4805) (#1696)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/file-formats/json-project/overview.md

Keywords are represented as an array of strings and are used to describe and/or tag the project.

### `enabled_licenses`

(required)

`"enabled_licenses": ["<license-iri>", "<license-iri>", ...]`

> In order for a project to be able to choose a license for their data, files and IIIF-URIs the licenses must be enabled.
> Only licenses that exist in DSP can be enabled and referenced. They must be referenced by their IRI.
> For example: `"http://rdfh.ch/licenses/cc-by-4.0"` is a valid license IRI.
> All the listed licenses will be enabled, licenses can be disabled by omitting them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for files/IIIF-URIs to reference a license, the license must be enabled here.
Only licenses that exist in DSP can be enabled. They must be referenced by their IRI.
For example: `http://rdfh.ch/licenses/cc-by-4.0` is a valid license IRI.
All the licenses listed here will be enabled. Licenses can be disabled by omitting them.
```
